 Hello. So this is the technical books that I have. Introduction to Data Science Practical Approach with rm Python by B Uma Mai and R Programming in Scala by Esky Spoon, ven S Core Python Programming by Dr. R Nara, Linux six edition. Okay, by Hill. DevOps for Dummies by Freeman Will Neo four Graph data modeling by MA Apache Hadoop.

Three Quick start Guide by Raker Panda for data, mal manipulation and visualization by T Machine learning. Using Python by manner. Engine Han Big Data Analytics with Apache DU by Govin. Advanced Data Analytics with AWS by Joseph Conley, ultimate Data Engineering with Databricks.

Index Java developers by ti and Sumit Kuman, the co-program in language by Donovan and k Han. SQL All In one by Taylor and published by Willie, the definitive guide to my SQL by Kler and APRE data structure and algorithms made in Java by Nima Kaji. Learn post SQL by Luca Ferrari and Zi code, Java, and integrated approach by Dr.

Data structures using three C by Bala Swami, c plus plus primer plus by pr. The complete reference of C. Fourth edition by Gro Hill. Learn SQL, my SQL by Uni Kar. Hands-on system design by harsh Kumar Ramani. Mongo Complete guide by Manu Shema. Mastering Snowflake platform. Puja Kaka machine learning for beginners.

Ha. Neural network for beginners by Ian Class CICD pipeline with Docker and Jenkins by sand bra, Google Cloud platform. All in one guide by Pravin Kre. Cracking container with Docker and Kubernetes by ADA and RIA Stream Processing with Apache Spark by Orli Dec Siphoning data architecture by Sarah Orly.

Fundamentals of Data Engineering by Orly, SQL for data analysis by Orly, the Cloud Data Lake by Orly Learning, SQ by Orli, analytical skills for AI and data science by or. Cost effective data pipelines by OE generative AI on AWS by OE, Python for data analysis by OE, computer networks, by pea, SN, introduction to large language models.

By deep planning with Python, by handing the data warehouse toolkit by Kimball and Ross Data Engineering with Google Cloud platform by adi. Rather than this, I have understanding ICSC mathematics by. Mathematics by short day for class 11 and 12, understanding ICC mathematics by Class nine Al. Okay. And there are books on statistics, which I have by theory of Probability, by NU Medical Analysis and Statistics Method by ENA and uh, mathematical Statistics by Gupta Kaur, analytics by Hill Education Data Structure by.

Uh, I have Introduction to Mathematical English by Ava Gupta, and I have from five to 10 English and Bengali mathematics books. Okay. I-C-B-S-C and ICSC and West Bengal, both syllabus.
